Everyone.
So now we're reaching the end of the course.
And here is educational, academic programming.
It is that I have shared with you.
What you can do is you can just.
Well, if you have reached this part and you are all the problems yourself as well, then you can simply
give dissection and just solve all those problems yourself whenever you face any problem in the problem.
Then you can come back and see those lectures because those lectures were actually of those were actually
a whole series in them since.
So I have explained the concepts again in those lectures in the academic programming section.
So it would be a waste of time if you go through each one and all of them.
But what you can do is you can just try the problems yourself and then come back and see the good video.
Maybe my code might be a little different from your code, and maybe you have got it in a bottom of
manner recorded in the because of manner.
Right.
So just.
Yeah.
So just try those problems yourself.
And just a small suggestion that I wanted to give you.
And it's a slide warning that don't watch all these lectures which are down in this quarter.
Dynamic Programming, Section eight.
That's all.
Thank you.
I hope you enjoyed the course.